Feat - Native Select / Select - Supporting additional content (#1159)
cengage/react-magma: .changeset/feat-selectChildren.md

---
'react-magma-dom': minor
---

> feat(Select): Adding the ability to have children within Select and NativeSelect like our Input component.

Reviewer: This isn't quite accurate.

```suggestion
feat(Select/NativeSelect): New `additionalContent` prop to provide the ability to add extra content inline with the label similar to the Input component.
```
